README.md, before:

# VanillaPlus

VanillaPlus is a collection of Spigot plugins designed to enhance the vanilla Minecraft survival experience.

The common themes of all VanillaPlus plugins are:
- Survival friendliness
- Minimal required commands and interfaces
- No required permissions management

The motivation behind these themes is that these features should complement or extend Minecraft's game loop without disrupting the flow of the game.

The available plugins are listed below, as well as their brief descriptions. Each plugin's title is linked to its own README page with more info.

### [Paxel](./Paxel/README.md)
Introduces multi-tools that combine the pickaxe, axe, and shovel into one tool. There is one for each tool tier.

### [Hammer](./Hammer/README.md)
Introduces craftable pickaxes for each tool tier that mine in a 3x3 area.

### [RecoveryTotem](./RecoveryTotem/README.md)
Adds a craftable consumable Totem that provides a one-time keepInventory on death.

### [OminousWither](./OminousWither/README.md)
Adds a thrilling boss fight experience, summoned by building the Wither with Bad Omen.

### [DispensersShearPumpkins](./DispensersShearPumpkins/README.md)
Activating a dispenser with shears inside will carve a pumpkin in front of it.

### [Harvest](./Harvest/README.md)
Quickly replant grown crops + hoe area-replant ability + dispenser auto-planting.

### [XPControl](./XPControl/README.md)
Control % of EXP points dropped, kept, and lost on death + EXP storage.

<br />

## Scalability and Compatibility

These plugins are intended for small to medium SMP (survival multiplayer) Spigot and Paper servers.

A lack of complex permissions management and control may be undesirable for larger servers.

Furthermore, compatibility with other non-VanillaPlus plugins may be limited.

Commit message:

Updated paxel readme
Also updated its entry in the root readme

README.md, after:

# VanillaPlus

VanillaPlus is a collection of Spigot plugins designed to enhance the vanilla Minecraft survival experience.

The common themes of all VanillaPlus plugins are:
- Survival friendliness
- Minimal required commands and interfaces
- No required permissions management

The motivation behind these themes is that these features should complement or extend Minecraft's game loop without disrupting the flow of the game.

The available plugins are listed below, as well as their brief descriptions. Each plugin's title is linked to its own README page with more info.

### [Paxel](./Paxel/README.md)
Adds craftable paxel multi-tools, a combination of the pickaxe, axe, and shovel.

### [Hammer](./Hammer/README.md)
Introduces craftable pickaxes for each tool tier that mine in a 3x3 area.

### [RecoveryTotem](./RecoveryTotem/README.md)
Adds a craftable consumable Totem that provides a one-time keepInventory on death.

### [OminousWither](./OminousWither/README.md)
Adds a thrilling boss fight experience, summoned by building the Wither with Bad Omen.

### [DispensersShearPumpkins](./DispensersShearPumpkins/README.md)
Activating a dispenser with shears inside will carve a pumpkin in front of it.

### [Harvest](./Harvest/README.md)
Quickly replant grown crops + hoe area-replant ability + dispenser auto-planting.

### [XPControl](./XPControl/README.md)
Control % of EXP points dropped, kept, and lost on death + EXP storage.

<br />

## Scalability and Compatibility

These plugins are intended for small to medium SMP (survival multiplayer) Spigot and Paper servers.

A lack of complex permissions management and control may be undesirable for larger servers.

Furthermore, compatibility with other non-VanillaPlus plugins may be limited.
