Paxel/README.md, before:

# [Paxel](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/paxel.110810/ "SpigotMC resource page for this plugin")

A paxel is a multi-tool that combines the pickaxe, axe, and shovel into one tool.

There is a paxel for every tool tier: wooden, stone, iron, golden, diamond, and netherite.

## Features
- Seamless multi-tool usage
- Craftable, repairable, enchantable, and smith-able
- Unlockable recipes
- No permissions management required*
- Admin command to give players paxels (/givepaxel)
- Can be easily retextured using CustomModelData -- values are editable in the config to prevent conflicts

## Recipe
<<< TODO: ADD IMAGE >>>

The recipe shown above is for the diamond paxel, but the pattern is the same for every tier of paxels. The three tools must be all the same tier.

## Installation
1. Simply drop the JAR file into your plugins folder and you should be good to go! There are no dependencies you have to install.

2. Verify that the plugin was added properly with /plugins (optional)

## Permissions
To use the `/givepaxel` command, the player must have the permission node: `paxel.givepaxel`


## Footnotes

This plugin is inspired by but in no way affiliated with the Mekanism or Uranium mods or their creators.

*All players can craft and use paxels with no permissions required. Only the give command requires permission.

Commit message:

Updated paxel readme
Also updated its entry in the root readme

Paxel/README.md, after:

# Paxel

A paxel is a multi-tool that combines the pickaxe, axe, and shovel into one tool.

There is a paxel for every tool tier: wooden, stone, iron, golden, diamond, and netherite.

## Features
- Seamless multi-tool usage
- Craftable, repairable, enchantable, and smith-able
- Unlockable recipes
- No permissions management required*
- Admin command to give players paxels (/givepaxel)
- Can be easily retextured using CustomModelData -- values are editable in the config to prevent conflicts

## Recipe
![Recipe for crafting a paxel tool.](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PoorgrammerDev/VanillaPlus/media/paxel-crafting.png)

The recipe shown above is for the diamond paxel, but the pattern is the same for every tier of paxels. The three tools must be all the same tier.

Netherite Paxels can also be obtained by upgrading a Diamond Paxel in a Smithing Table.

## Published To
- [Spigot](https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/paxel.110810/)
- [Paper](https://hangar.papermc.io/FullPotato/Paxel)
- [Modrinth](https://modrinth.com/plugin/craftablepaxels)

## Installation
1. Simply drop the JAR file into your plugins folder and you should be good to go! There are no dependencies you have to install.

2. Verify that the plugin was added properly with /plugins (optional)

## Permissions
To use the `/givepaxel` command, the player must have the permission node: `paxel.givepaxel`

## Footnotes
This plugin is inspired by but in no way affiliated with the Mekanism or Uranium mods or their creators.

*All players can craft and use paxels with no permissions required. Only the give command requires permission.
